 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. The claim that entering Australia illegally can
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 3: "Drinking
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. The claim that police found 22 dead
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. I have chosen this answer because based on
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 2: "India's
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. Claim 3: "The US will
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  Mostly false. Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. The claim lacks specific details and context,
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 1: "Eating
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. Claim 2: "The Israeli government
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Note: It's not possible to
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false.Claim 2: "The majority of
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. The provided information does not support
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  Claim 1, Claim 2, Claim 
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. The claim appears to be false,
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  Most likely, mostly false. The claim that
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim: "Photos show Kenyan
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false.  This claim is false as it
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 2: "The best
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. The claim that President Obama issued an order
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  Most of the information gathered suggests that the claim that
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. Claim: "Video of multiple weapon systems
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  Mostly False. Claim 1: "Playing
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false.  Claim 2: "W
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  Mostly False. The image cannot be verified as genuine
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false.
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. Claim 2: "Activist
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly true.Claim 2: "President Biden
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. The claim "Rahul Gand
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 1: "The majority
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly true.Claim 2: "A study
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false Claim 3: "The 82
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 1 is mostly false.
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  Mostly FALSE. This quote does not seem to have
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. Claim: "Drinking eight glasses of
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 2: "The best
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. The song "Remember (Walking in
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 2: "Drinking
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 2: "There's
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 2: "The Simpsons
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false.
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  The results indicate that Turkey has issued a postage stamp
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 2: "Drinking
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  Mostly False.Claim 2: "The new
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly true. Claim 2: "The University
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. Claim 2: "Drinking a
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly true. Note:  The answer is
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. The quote is completely false and has no
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly true. While the search results do not provide
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. Claim 2: "A 201
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  Mostly False. The claim that a social media meme
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 2: "Eating
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 1: "flax
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  Mostly True (with correction: The initial claim about
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 1: "Certain travelers
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly true. Claim 2:  There is
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mixture.
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. Claim 3: "Drinking too
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  Mostly false. Claim 1: "Drinking
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. The claim "One terrorist arrested in
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 2:  "The
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  false. Claim: "The average lifespan of a
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false. Claim 2: "The Indian
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly trueNote: The claim that "To
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false.
 Final Answer, choose between the options false, mostly false, mixture, mostly true and true:  mostly false.Note:  I have tried to
